---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-06T21:56:57.272Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-06T21:54:25.531Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-06-b08d5c35-0915-4203-a91b-4a9e756e7871.md
published: true
url: b08d5c35-0915-4203-a91b-4a9e756e7871/index.html
_type: Article

---
_Below are some precedents for thoughtful interaction that can be applied to a service establishment, such as "Hi-Jack". _

__

_Triangle Chairs by ASSEMBLE_

What I like about the triangle chairs is that they promote interaction through design. Their unnatural layout, light construction, and placement in a public space during an event make for an interesting social experiment: 

_"Their sheer multitude set up a number of absurd situations and throughout the festival \[Clerkenwell Design Week\] their arrangements adapted to host a range of uses and forms: serving as modular benches, ad-hoc armchairs, whole amphitheatres, and an alfresco banqueting hall." _

__

DX.11 Pointcloud,

is a contemporary representation of a reactive space, or smart home. In our context it is especially important to make the space fun, over mere functionality. **Fun**. 

DX.11 uses proximity sensors to manipulate light and animation, either to augment a physical space or adjust a digital space. This could be used to change lights as patrons spread throughout the place, or to control the digital tapestry(ies) throughout the space. 

MICKEYPHON

Another example of proximity tools, which in this and the above case relies on passive / persistent interaction, 

"MICKEYPHON listens to the sounds in the surroundings, rotating in the direction of the sound sources and samples them to create and playback rhythmic patterns based upon them. The visuals displayed on the custom cylindrical RGB LED matrix are audio-reactive, tightly integrated with the music output of the installation."

[A video][0]

Light Kinetics by Esoadaysantacruz Studio

Augments a static technology to respond to physical interaciton. What makes this installation particularly interesting is that it applies the concept of mass to something that otherwise lacks mass, creating a seemingly magical experience. 

[0]: https://vimeo.com/151174535